Update timezone documentation to reflect actual behavior (#35430). (#18138)
django/django: docs/topics/i18n/timezones.txt

When support for time zones is enabled, Django stores datetime information in
UTC in the database, uses time-zone-aware datetime objects internally, and

> translates them to the :ref:`default time zone <default-current-time-zone>` in templates and forms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
converts them to the :ref:`current time zone <default-current-time-zone>` in
templates and forms.
```
Reading further below, I think "converts them to the current time zone" is what is most consistent.
We also need to wrap the docs at 80 characters wide (see [our docs guidelines](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/5.0/internals/contributing/writing-documentation/#guidelines-for-restructuredtext-files)). 

Finally we will need a single commit (so make sure to squash/rebase any edits here) and use [our commit message format](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/5.0/internals/contributing/committing-code/#committing-guidelines).

This is an example commit message
```
Fixed #35430 -- Corrected docs on timezone conversion in templates and forms.
```

@koupro0204 would you like to give that a go? If not, I can push up small updates later 👍

Author: As stated, the default time zone is determined by the :setting:`TIME_ZONE` setting. Therefore, it should be referred to as "default" rather than "current". From my testing, it was found that it is determined by the setting's `TIME_ZONE` rather than the end user's actual time zone.

Reviewer: https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/5.0/topics/i18n/timezones/#default-current-time-zone
It depends on whether the timezone is activated or not
> You should set the current time zone to the end user’s actual time zone with [activate()](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/5.0/ref/utils/#django.utils.timezone.activate). Otherwise, the default time zone is used.

So unfortunately it's a little complicated for a small sentence. Maybe...

```suggestion
converts them to the end user's time zone in forms. By default, templates will
convert to the :ref:`default time zone <default-current-time-zone>`, but this
can be updated to the end user's time zone through the use of
:ref:`filters and tags <time-zones-in-templates>`.
```
